The YS-IRTM module is famous among hobbyists for greatly facilitating 
communication with a remote control. However, while it does the job and 
is widely used, its design is perfectible.

IRTM-remixed brings the following improvements to YS-IRTM:

1. Replaced the STC11 used in YS-IRTM with an STC8G1K08A, which has a 
smaller footprint, is less expensive, doesn't need an external crystal
and its capacitors, and works over a wide range of supply voltage, 
instead of only 5V for the STC11.

2. Despite the NEC IR protocol using only 2 bytes, the original YS-IRTM 
insists on using 3. The second byte of the payload being the complement 
of the first, I simply removed it.

3. The original YS-IRTM allowed to assign addresses to modules. 
However, as they used a basic UART protocol, there was no way of 
connecting several modules on the same serial line (no open-drain 
output, no collision management). Moreover, the address of the 
module wasn't transmitted in the packets sent to the host, making 
it also impossible to know which module was sending them. I thus 
removed this feature.

4. Being able to change the serial line baud rate doesn't add much 
value, so I hardcoded a value of 115200 Baud and removed the feature.

5. Because the only remaining features are transmit and receive pairs
of bytes, I removed the now useless header of the transmit command.

CONCLUSION

Thanks to these design decisions, IRTM-remixed is a fully transparent
UART-to-IR adapter that can operate with supply voltages between 2.7V 
and 5V, making it much more flexible than YS-IRTM.

NOTES

- Sending a single RC keypress takes 119.895 ms, i.e. a maximum of 8.4 
keys per second or 168 Baud - an RC key is 2 bytes, each sent with 1 
start, 1 stop and no parity, so a total of 20 bits. Autorepeat causes 
additional keypress messages to be sent every 107.447 ms, representing 
9.4 keys per second or 188 Baud.

As you can see, the UART baud rate is far from being critical, so you 
can safely reduce it, e.g. to 9600 Baud, if the IRTM-remixed module is
connected to the MCU using long wires.

- Though the STC8G1K08A supports supply voltages as low as 1.9V, the 
CHQ1838 (IR receiver) requires at least 2.7V, also making it the 
minimum supply voltage of the whole IRTM-remixed module.
